README.md, before:

# Burnout Paradise Road Rule Limit Remover
Removes the minimum time limit of 2 seconds from Time Road Rules and raises the maximum score limit of $1000000000 on Showtime Road Rules to $2000000000 by modifying the game's executable.

This would normally be done via dll, but since some cross-platform capability is nice and I don't feel like making sprx mods, this is how it's gonna be.

## Required tools for limit removal on console
RRLR will not decrypt or decompress executables, nor will it create a CON/PIRS/LIVE or PS3/PS4 package. You will need to do this yourself.

While there is no encryption or compression on PC, there is on console. Most PS4 dumpers decrypt/decompress the executable by default, so this section will only cover PS3 and X360.

PS3 executables can be decrypted and resigned using [TrueAncestor SELF Resigner](https://www.psx-place.com/resources/trueancestor-self-resigner-by-jjkkyu.33/). The command-line GUI is fairly straightforward - tpyically, you would choose option 1 to decrypt and 2 or 3 or resigning. If you are using a PSN version, you will need to provide a RAP file for decryption.

X360 executables can be decrypted etc using [xextool](http://xorloser.com/blog/?p=395). This is run via command line. A typical decryption/decompression command looks like `xextool -c u -e u c:\default.xex`, while the reverse would use `-c c -e e` instead.

If you need them, there are much better tutorials for package creation than what I could write (use Google), but as a start, some apps on Xbox are [Velocity](https://community.wemod.com/t/release-velocity-xbox360-cross-platform-file-manager-v0-1-0-0/2623), [Le Fluffie](https://gbatemp.net/download/le-fluffie.28975), and [Horizon](https://www.wemod.com/horizon), while PS3 has aldostools' [PS3 Tools](https://www.psx-place.com/threads/ps3-tools-collection-by-aldostools-includes-over-50-tools-utility-for-your-cfw-enabled-ps3.360/). PS4 also has package creation tools, but they're from the Sony PS4 [redacted], so I can't link them.

## Building
Requires CMake and Qt6. Qt should be in PATH.

```
mkdir build
cd build
cmake ..
cmake --build .
```

Commit message:

Add archival note to readme

README.md, after:

### Archival note
This repository has been archived due to issues pertaining to invalid scores. The most noticeable of these, though not the most important, is incorrect entries in Today's Best while online. Possible reasons for this include, among other things:

- The values being used for more than just score limits
- The method used to measure and/or validate scores being buggy
- The netcode used to send/receive scores being buggy

Following archival, there should be no allowed use of this tool in speedrunning or other moderated scoreboards unless the issues are resolved.

# Burnout Paradise Road Rule Limit Remover
Removes the minimum time limit of 2 seconds from Time Road Rules and raises the maximum score limit of $1000000000 on Showtime Road Rules to $2000000000 by modifying the game's executable.

This would normally be done via dll, but since some cross-platform capability is nice and I don't feel like making sprx mods, this is how it's gonna be.

## Required tools for limit removal on console
RRLR will not decrypt or decompress executables, nor will it create a CON/PIRS/LIVE or PS3/PS4 package. You will need to do this yourself.

While there is no encryption or compression on PC, there is on console. Most PS4 dumpers decrypt/decompress the executable by default, so this section will only cover PS3 and X360.

PS3 executables can be decrypted and resigned using [TrueAncestor SELF Resigner](https://www.psx-place.com/resources/trueancestor-self-resigner-by-jjkkyu.33/). The command-line GUI is fairly straightforward - tpyically, you would choose option 1 to decrypt and 2 or 3 or resigning. If you are using a PSN version, you will need to provide a RAP file for decryption.

X360 executables can be decrypted etc using [xextool](http://xorloser.com/blog/?p=395). This is run via command line. A typical decryption/decompression command looks like `xextool -c u -e u c:\default.xex`, while the reverse would use `-c c -e e` instead.

If you need them, there are much better tutorials for package creation than what I could write (use Google), but as a start, some apps on Xbox are [Velocity](https://community.wemod.com/t/release-velocity-xbox360-cross-platform-file-manager-v0-1-0-0/2623), [Le Fluffie](https://gbatemp.net/download/le-fluffie.28975), and [Horizon](https://www.wemod.com/horizon), while PS3 has aldostools' [PS3 Tools](https://www.psx-place.com/threads/ps3-tools-collection-by-aldostools-includes-over-50-tools-utility-for-your-cfw-enabled-ps3.360/). PS4 also has package creation tools, but they're from the Sony PS4 [redacted], so I can't link them.

## Building
Requires CMake and Qt6. Qt should be in PATH.

```
mkdir build
cd build
cmake ..
cmake --build .
```
